Add OpenRewrite to migrations list (#148)
assertj/doc: src/docs/asciidoc/user-guide/assertj-core-migration.adoc

There are several ways to perform the conversion :

* Automatically using the provided link:#assertj-migration-using-scripts[migration scripts].
* Automatically with link:#assertj-migration-using-openrewrite[OpenRewrite].
* Manually using the regexes described in this link:#assertj-migration-using-regexes[section].
* With IntelliJ IDEA, using these plugins:
** https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/10345-assertions2assertj[Assertions2Assertj] plugin.
** https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/12195-concise-assertj-optimizing-nitpicker-cajon-[Concise AssertJ Optimizing Nitpicker (Cajon)] plugin.
* With IntelliJ IDEA, using the Structural Search and Replace (SSR) feature.

> The preferred approach is to use the provided migration scripts or OpenRewrite recipes as they are quicker and cover more assertions than the other ones.

Reviewer: Note quite sure if we're quicker given that we might need to build up a large LST, but we're definitely safer.
```suggestion
The preferred approach is to use the provided migration scripts or OpenRewrite recipes as they are type safe and cover more assertions than the other ones.
```

----
assertFalse\((.*)\); -> assertThat(\1).isFalse();
----

[[assertj-migration-using-openrewrite]]
==== Assertions migration with OpenRewrite

link:https://docs.openrewrite.org/[OpenRewrite], a large-scale automated source code refactoring tool, offers a couple of recipes that assist with the migration to AssertJ:

> The link:https://docs.openrewrite.org/recipes/java/testing/hamcrest/migratehamcresttoassertj[Migrate to AssertJ assertions] recipe will:

Reviewer: Since we're showing this link out of the context of other Hamcrest recipes, I'd though it best to insert Hamcrest here.
```suggestion
The link:https://docs.openrewrite.org/recipes/java/testing/hamcrest/migratehamcresttoassertj[Migrate Hamcrest to AssertJ assertions] recipe will:
```
